# 2018-wannabe-postdoc-2

This is the repository for problem 2 of the 2018 BDAthlon programming contest.

It my solution for the problem on genetic circuit tuning.


## Organization of the Repository

+ docs
	- Documentation generated by documentation generators
		* Doxygen
		* pydoc (for Python scripts): /usr/bin/pydoc
+ notes
	- Software licenses
		* *MIT License*
	- Guidelines for collaborating on open source software and/or hardware
      projects.
    * Documentation about guidelines that I am following for my research,
  		  and for my research collaborators to know about.
  - Externalities list.
    * *Publicly available library, API, or framework* that I have used as
        external components for my software.


##  Description of the Software Solution for Genetic Circuit Tuning


##  Instructions on How to Build and Run the Software Solution






#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2018> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.
